# How to Contribute

First of all, thank you for taking the time to contribute to SabakiHQ's SGF
library!

## Reporting Bugs

- Before submitting bug reports, please check the
  [issues](https://github.com/SabakiHQ/Sabaki/issues) for already existing
  reports. You might not need to create one.
- Use a clear and descriptive title.
- Please include as many details as possible in your issue, especially the
  version of Sabaki you're using and the name and version of the OS you're
  using.
- It's also helpful to provide specific steps to reproduce the problem.

## Code Contribution

- Before you begin, make sure there's an issue for your task and that you've let
  us known that you'd like to take it on.
- Run prettier to make sure your code adheres to the coding style standards. You
  can use the command `npm run format` to format all the files.
- Avoid platform-dependent code.
- Create `tap` tests if possible and applicable.
- Document new code in the documentation if applicable.
- Note the issue number in your pull request.

## Getting Started

A small debuggable sample script is included with this project,
`src/debug-main.js` that debugs a game file generated by Fox Go Server,
`tests/sgf/fox_go_server.sgf`.

To quickly learn the code base,

1. Review the `fox_go_server.sgf` file and read documentation.
2. Start debugging (using VS Code) by opening the repository and the
   `debug-main.js` file and pressing F5.
3. Step through the parse function being used.
4. Look through the tree of nodes output by the parse functions.

Doing this will help you get a feel for the code paths and the expected output.

If you speak multiple languages, you can help us translate Sabaki. Head over to
[Sabaki I18n](https://github.com/SabakiHQ/sabaki-i18n) for progress and
instructions.

## Donate

You can also support this project by [donating](https://paypal.me/yishn/5).
